everyone knows who got us a lot
something really interesting
but a little less fuck at a time and
also a bit critical because it's
true that it can remove almost a
job is actually the limits as
indicates the site down one can say that the
drones end the robots finally over the
future brown finally replaced a little
the man
and then a lot of business that's
especially now in the factory or stuff
like that
before it was the manual now there is
robots that actually replaces me
people of course there is always
races or even
manual with people but what
will sing to tell you it's finally
the drones heroes at all that are in
train little by little and good to eat a
little any and all of these trades that the
humans have taken place and that ultimately
down it eliminates that removes
and unfortunately good trades
there is not necessarily that it is
FIP and also that one might sarah
say like that and I started with
information that is to say drones from
document delivery companies in dubai
what does it mean these are
simply deliveries by
drone
so that was already done no amazon and
then there is now emirates
united arabs excuse me I say slowly
for not making any link fault while
it actually embarking on a project
and it's this one ie roll that
all documents for example official
which are intended for citizens by
example the drones
excuse me for example of if the
official documents for example the
passports ID cards ago
also a lot of things and well will be
sent for citizens by
drones so for now at dubai and
was also part of my company
amazon france that in my opinion it must be
in the united states by amazon and again this
not to be everywhere everywhere because
that she was rays of course these drones
the fauna about 45 cm and its
behavior have made a big
battery but be careful it's a
battery will not be able to do more
country okay you 're not having a
amazon drone to leave for example
United States arriving in France I
do not it's possible
they have a certain radius then the radius
2 in flight
we do not know for the moment five
officers at this stuff but in
anyway they will have a certain radius and
if you have to know it's not easy to
dubai and the wrong the radius needed
to make all citizens in dubai
so good it still remains a very
big radius and ben it can not hurt
of things but both that and that
could say it's weird so I
will show you of course
images of these of these drones to face to
quadri kopter I do not think so
actually has four propellers you
know each side and then like that one
see that it allows a big teuf
we will say stability in fact two of
the device like that it is not and 3
end he is not sliced ​​on a dildo he
is really stable he's right and
then the security system for example
that kanak that will also be deemed limited
will replace the post yes it's going
replace the post a little somewhere
it's going to do the mail the way I've
says official things
but be careful what to know
it is that they are comprised of a reader
fingerprint as well as a
iris scanner that is to say that it will
scan your fingerprint as well
that your escapee actually wow scanner
your eye to find out if it's fine
you like that after you'll have your
ID card then on a map
ID or a blue card you can
not distribute it like that to the strong
who what is the drone is wrong even
tasks it's going to the neighbor from above bah
frankly it can be very very
it's annoying especially if your neighbor
you do not like he's going to smoke you rare he
there is a lack of looking ben you
smoke somewhere so it's true
it sounds pretty good here
it's the technology of today
said sand will still future
maybe but it's true that it can
for example removing some trades
then finally bassed up basle
to be human somewhere a bag that can
look pretty blurry so what's needed
know that for now it's a
fashion and that's for six months from
of today and that against these
robots there they have resistors
extra that we will not have if that
come to europe why not because
meteorological helpers are very
different in dubai than in france
okay 1 there are sandstorms to
dubai
1 - with respect to sandstorms in
France you will not have one I agree
know that sometimes there are the homes of
desert sand of the sahara or to be
like that happens in France but not
sand storms perhaps not
to abuse it too and to the Mafia passage of
sandstorms at dubai and also the
heat
okay so there is also a lot of
heat it's very hot then some
basically if it can go very unique ctu
strech hulu com as a place but
good they have a lot of money to they are
Petes thunes and honestly they in
not care a bit hilarious that they have the
thanks to oil stuff like that a
little bit everywhere in this kind of website of
geographical location Bah
frankly that's it they can very well
to afford to do quadricopter
without any worries and that's tell me
often thought that only a bar of
comments my personal opinion ségala
process good thing since it's true
that it's more very futuristic but at the
times it's bad because already five
removed from the trades and then by
aso let's talk about that post me if
somewhere it's dangerous
I find it maybe not not doing it
right now actually
by the way that's what he does not know
but I think it's too much
unstable in fact we can not do this
kind of device finally I do not know
honestly the guy like stole the drone has
do what at last I do not know it in front of a
security system but why
complicate life when we do not have
really still technical means
enough to do this stuff
are simple ibrahim years to try to
do futuristic then finally to a
big drouot a big thing like that a
quadricopter times for me it's not
necessary here it is thanks we take all the
people well put in search never dreamed
it's a great pleasure especially for me
am on my personal page to ask
your questions you miss you said to the
next track chatchat